Initial Amper Build Setup (#487)
JetBrains/kotlinconf-app: README.md

# KotlinConf App (Amper)

> This is a fork of the official [KotlinConf App](https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlinconf-app)
> built by [Amper](https://github.com/JetBrains/amper).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This branch contains a version of the app built by [Amper](https://github.com/JetBrains/amper), an experimental build tool by JetBrains.
```
